1. NumPy https://numpy.org
NumPy seems to be a widely used python library for accelerating numeric equations, specifically ones involving arrays.
NumPy allows for the use of multi-dimensional arrays in python, I already have experience using arrays and multi-dimensional
arrays in java already. NumPy looks to be a good pick to me to make python more like java, the programming language I have the most
experience in.

2. Django https://www.djangoproject.com
Django looks pretty interesting to me, as it delves into a more commerical and practical usage. Django helps speed up website
development, with essentially plug and play shortcuts, less repeating parts of a website that don't need to be repeated.
Django is used in numerous professional settings, with the most well known service that uses django being Instagram. 
I don't see much interest in django currently, but that will most likely change in my future as a software developer,
I may be required to use it or it may be a tool that could help me immensely.

3. Pandas https://pandas.pydata.org
Pandas doesnt look very different from NumPy, especially since Pandas is built ontop of NumPy. Pandas is used primarily for
data manipulation, it has a 1 dimensional array built with NumPy called a series that allows arithmetic operations with its array
objects, like series_1 + series_2 = series_3, it would add both values and put it in series_3 automatically. Pandas seems to work
very closely with NumPy and I think I would probably use both at the same time.

4. PyGame https://www.pygame.org/
PyGame is a library mostly used for game development using python, I am not super privvy into what it does specifically.
I have seen that it has computer graphics and sound effects. I don't have too much experience with game development, but it
is the most exciting scope of computer science to me, even if I don't end up following through with game development eventually
I may be able to make use of PyGame still, as even if I don't find a job opportunity with game development it is still one of my
main passions, one of the things that got me into computer science in general.

5. bob https://www.idiap.ch/software/bob/
bob can help users with its toolkit for machine learning, it allows for image, audio, and visual processing. I think machine learning
is a very interesting route of technology current on the rise. I personally think the current uses with bob seem to be very interesting
to me. I think it may be useful to keep up with for the future, I can see machine learning become integrated into a lot of important parts
of society.